1. What are the core pillars of Data Cloud capabilities?
A. Connect, Harmonize, Unify, Analyze and Predict, Act

2. Which are benefits of using data spaces? Choose two.
A. Manage user access to designated data spaces using permission sets.
D. Segregate your data, metadata, and processes by brand, region, or department.

3. Which of these are valid use cases for Data Cloud’s capabilities? Choose three.
A. Gain insights on data streams in real time and trigger follow-up actions.
B. Build complex segments of unified individuals with related data from multiple platforms.
D. Aggregate data from multiple systems to understand a customer’s true lifetime value across multiple accounts and devices.

4. Which of these are key differentiators of Salesforce Data Cloud? Choose three.
B. User-friendly interface and built on Lightning
D. Integrates easily with Salesforce products and AppExchange
E. Uses the Customer 360 Data Model

5. What does “Connect” mean as a capability?
D. Synchronize data from Salesforce and external data sources and transform data when needed.

6. Which statements are true of Data Cloud platform functionality? Choose three.
A. It's an open platform that allows you to integrate external systems and data sources.
C. Data is transformed, cleaned, and harmonized into the standard data model.
E. Data can be activated in Sales Cloud, Marketing Cloud Engagement, Service Cloud, and other Salesforce clouds.

7. What does “Unify” mean as a capability of Data Cloud?
B. Connect, match, and reconcile customer data.

8. Match the Data Cloud terms to their definitions:
Customer 360 Data Model  : The overall system that governs a set of common data model objects, how to describe them, and their relationships.
Data Stream : A data source brought into Data Cloud.
Data Lake : A vast pool of raw data whose purpose is not yet defined.
DMO : Data model object
Attribute : A standardized piece of information about a DMO.

9. Which are data ethics best practices? Choose three.
A. Collect and use only what you need.
B. Treat sensitive data carefully.
C. Choose third-party partners carefully.
